Hi all,

This prototype build is designed to act as a showcase  which primarily shows how using the Imperator prov/definition files it may be quicker and more efficient to carve 
out regions and landed_titles instead of doing the regions completely fresh by hand. That being said, the 'fine-detail'  we see in Matt's work in Rohan, is an example of
how a proper regional-detailing step would be a great idea and resolve some of the more Imperator-leaning prov/map design choices present.


> The majority of landed_titles and the small amount of localization work was primarily based on content I found in the CK2:Middle Earth mod and some additions 
from the CK3 Realms in Exile current work.


> At certain distances the map looks quite “Ugly” that’s because CK3 will automatically generate a holding culture/religion to all landed_titles, and at med-far distances
the terrain will not show through the landed titles anymore as they are ‘someones’ land….this can look quite bizarre at times and will not be resolved until entire regions 
are properly colour-coded with their Kingdom,duchy,and county level titles etc, it really is just a visual issue until then.


> A large number of provinces have NOT had their respective cultures/religions or holdings properly assigned in the prov_history files as well as terrain assignment, this 
can obviously be done at a later point or as mentioned via a regional assignment system as part of a ‘detailing’ process.


> The random religion/culture in some of the provinces such as Valar or free_peoples is a result of CK3’s auto-generating a culture/religion for each province, this requires 
going barony by barony and assigning the proper culture/faith, I haven’t done it for each region completely yet, and also have yet to implement proper northmen and dunlendings 
(or their ancestors? Etc).


> The Majority of the game_concepts system I was working on is implemented (in it’s early WIP form) in this build as a showcase and I’ll integrate the actual system into Realms
main build shortly, minus any changes or additions as everyone sees fit?


> A bunch of my model work/texture work is contained in this build, somewhat scattered everywhere really but the assets are mostly correctly assigned via portrait_modifiers and 
again I will upload the portrait assets as a separate module to the main Realms build once Matt and the others decide what art-style we go with for the respective cultures and 
what stays/goes etc.


> On the topic of models, there are a few assets from Shadow of Mordor, but as Owl has mentioned to me it may be wiser to NOT use them in the project, as this is an internal 
build I’ve left them in, but as he said we may not be able to use them publically….on that note I have a ton of similar models/assets that cannot be used publically that I have 
removed from this build unforetunately.


> The majority of the COA and localization stuff is also carried over from the CK2:ME mod and was primarily a prototype as I was still figuring out how to assign custom COAs 
and textured_emblems to flags and dynasties/houses but I’ve figured it out now.


> The Religion/Cultures present differ greatly from what the main build of Realms in Exile will likely be utilizing and are a carry-over from some of my prototype/WIP work on 
the 2ndAge/early 3rd age submod. Feel  Free to ignore them etc (again mostly based on CK2:ME content and some of Matt’s Imperator mods concepts.


>Yes I implemented the CK2:ME mod’s idea of Valinor and having the gods as characters etc, but again most of that is prototyping work and just tests, far from finished and 
beside the point of the upload.


>I’d appreciate any feedback on the landed_titles and provinces from Imperator as a foundation for further map work, perhaps even just for the sub-mod as greater portions of 
the map appear to be relevant further back into the 2nd Age and Early 3rd Age. That being said I did a very rough imitation of Matt’s detailed work in Rohan, but the major 
issue with integrating this map work into the main build is that the provIDs and rgb assigned values/numbers do not match up and in many cases are actually duplicated as they 
are using the same provinces.bmp (I believe @MattTheLegoman mentioned he was looking at this/ or checking his photoshop project files on that topic?)

